doc update for SAS token refresh over AMQP vs MQTT (#3015)
Azure/azure-iot-sdk-csharp: readme.md

| Features                                                                                                         | mqtt                | mqtt-ws             | amqp                | amqp-ws             | https               | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------|---------------------|---------------------|---------------------|---------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | [Authentication](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/iot-hub/iot-hub-security-deployment)                     | :heavy_check_mark:  | :heavy_check_mark:* | :heavy_check_mark:  | :heavy_check_mark:* | :heavy_check_mark:* | Connect your device to IoT Hub securely with supported authentication, including private key, SASToken, X-509 Self Signed and X-509 CA Signed. </br> *IoT Hub only supports X-509 CA Signed over AMQP and MQTT at the moment.  X509-CA authentication over websocket and HTTPS are not supported. When authenticating a device using shared access key (SAK) over MQTT, new connection will be setup as part of the SAS token refresh process; device communication will be briefly interrupted during refresh (for details, see [device connection and messaging reliability documentation](https://github.com/Azure/azure-iot-sdk-csharp/blob/main/device_connection_and_reliability_readme.md)). X-509 based authentication process does not have the same refresh disruption. Also X-509-based authentication is more secure than share access key.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Authentication](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/iot-hub/iot-hub-security-deployment)                     | :heavy_check_mark:  | :heavy_check_mark:* | :heavy_check_mark:  | :heavy_check_mark:* | :heavy_check_mark:* | Connect your device to IoT Hub securely with supported authentication, including private key, SAS token, X-509 self signed and X-509 CA signed. </br> *IoT Hub only supports X-509 CA signed over AMQP and MQTT at the moment.  X509-CA authentication over web socket and HTTPS are not supported. When authenticating a device using shared access key (SAK) over MQTT, new connection will be setup as part of the SAS token refresh process; device communication will be briefly interrupted during refresh (for details, see [device connection and messaging reliability documentation](https://github.com/Azure/azure-iot-sdk-csharp/blob/main/device_connection_and_reliability_readme.md)). X-509 based authentication process does not have the same refresh disruption. Also X-509-based authentication is more secure than share access key.|
```

Reviewer 2: `| [Authentication](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/iot-hub/iot-hub-security-deployment) | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark:* | :heavy_check_mark: | :heavy_check_mark:* | :heavy_check_mark:* | Connect your device to IoT Hub securely with supported authentication, including private key, SAS token, X.509 self-signed and X.509 CA signed. </br> *IoT Hub only supports X.509 CA signed over AMQP and MQTT at the moment. X509 CA authentication over web socket and HTTPS are not supported. When authenticating a device using shared access key (SAK) over MQTT, new connection will be setup as part of the SAS token refresh process; device communication will be briefly interrupted during refresh (for details, see [device connection and messaging reliability documentation](https://github.com/Azure/azure-iot-sdk-csharp/blob/main/device_connection_and_reliability_readme.md)). X-509 based authentication process does not have the same refresh disruption. Also X.509 certificate-based authentication is more secure than share access key.|`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [Authentication](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/iot-hub/iot-hub-security-deployment)                     | :heavy_check_mark:  | :heavy_check_mark:* | :heavy_check_mark:  | :heavy_check_mark:* | :heavy_check_mark:* | Connect your device to IoT Hub securely with supported authentication, including private key, shared access signature (SAS) token, X.509 self-signed and X.509 certificate authority (CA) signed. </br> *IoT Hub only supports X.509 CA signed over AMQP and MQTT at the moment.  X.509 CA authentication over web socket and HTTPS are not supported. When authenticating a device using shared access key (SAK) over MQTT, new connection will be setup as part of the SAS token refresh process; device communication will be briefly interrupted during refresh (for details, see [device connection and messaging reliability documentation](https://github.com/Azure/azure-iot-sdk-csharp/blob/main/device_connection_and_reliability_readme.md)). X.509 certificiate-based authentication process does not have the same refresh disruption. Also, X.509 certificiate-based authentication is more secure than share access key.|
```

Author: much more accurate word. Updated in new version.
